On-prem: Initial docs for embedded cluster install (#288)
SpecterOps/bloodhound-docs: docs/on-premises/embedded-cluster/system-requirements.mdx

<Note>
  No inbound internet access is required and BloodHound Enterprise does not need to be reachable from the internet.
</Note>

Open the following ports. For air-gapped environments, skip the outbound rules entirely.

### Inbound

The inbound ports to the BloodHound Enterprise server are:

| Port | Protocol | Purpose |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 443 | TCP | User and collector HTTPS access (via reverse proxy) |
| 30080 | TCP | Installation Wizard access (restrict to admins) |

### Outbound

The outbound destinations from the BloodHound Enterprise server (online install only) are:

| Destination | Port | Purpose |
| --- | --- | --- |
| replicated.app, proxy.replicated.com, registry.replicated.com | 443 | Installer, updates, image registry, license validation |

<Note>
  **Recommendation**
  
  Use the online installation model whenever possible. If the BloodHound Enterprise server can reach the listed destinations on port `443`, installation and future updates remain automated.
  
  In air-gapped environments, skip the outbound rules but expect every update to be a manual download, transfer, and apply cycle.
</Note>

## Collectors

> Both SharpHound Enterprise and AzureHound Enterprise can run on the same Windows host.

Reviewer: Last comment - I'll leave to you to find the other places where OpenHound was missed.

See the [SharpHound (Active Directory)](/on-premises/embedded-cluster/system-requirements#sharphound-enterprise) and [AzureHound (Entra ID / Azure)](/on-premises/embedded-cluster/system-requirements#azurehound-enterprise) sections for collector-specific details.

<Note>
  If running both collectors on the same host, the hardware requirements stack. Provision the combined specification below.
</Note>

> | Resource | SharpHound | AzureHound | Co-located total |

Reviewer: Your link above to the requirements, plus your note, is the best way to do this, IMO. This just provides an extra spot that you may some day have to update.

Author: Good call. I pulled this from the source material in Notion without considering the impact.

| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| CPU | 6 cores | 6 cores | 12 cores |
| RAM | 32 GB | 32 GB | 64 GB |
| Disk | 20 GB | 20 GB | 40 GB |
| OS | Windows Server 2019+ | Windows Server 2019+ | Windows Server 2019+ |
| .NET | 4.7.2+ | N/A (standalone binary) | 4.7.2+ |

If deploying on separate hosts, provision each to the individual specifications in the sections below.

### SharpHound Enterprise

SharpHound collects Active Directory data (objects, relationships, ACLs, sessions) and sends it to BHE over HTTPS. It runs as a signed Windows service under a domain account.

<Warning>

>   SharpHound is code-signed by SpecterOps but still requires allowlisting. EDR tools detect the collection behavior (LDAP enumeration, SAM-R calls, Kerberos ticket requests), not the binary signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  SharpHound Enterprise is code-signed by SpecterOps but may still require exclusions from certain tooling. For example, EDR tools may detect the collection behavior (LDAP enumeration, SAM-R calls, Kerberos ticket requests, etc.) rather than the binary signature.
```

  
  Exclude SharpHound by hash or publisher certificate in your endpoint security platform before the first collection. MDI may also trigger lateral movement alerts. Notify the SOC before collection starts.
</Warning>

> Deploy one collector per AD forest or domain. SharpHound and AzureHound can run on the same host.

Reviewer: Again, be careful with pulling documentation from Hound subsections here as you risk missing later updates if these change.

Reviewer: This applies to this whole sub-section. I'd strip it out entirely and point directly to SharpHound docs to keep it all in one place.

| AD tombstoning | If enabled, read permissions on the Deleted Objects container |
| Authentication to AD | Kerberos (default) |
| Authentication to BHE | Token-based (auth.json, generated from BHE UI) |

#### Network

SharpHound tries LDAPS (636) first, then falls back to LDAP (389). LDAP channel signing is used for all queries. LDAPS is enforceable.

| Destination | Port | Protocol | Purpose |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Domain controllers | 88 | TCP/UDP | Kerberos Authentication |
| Domain controllers | 53 | TCP/UDP | DNS SRV record lookups to locate DCs |
| Domain controllers | 636 | TCP | LDAPS AD object collection (tried first) |
| Domain controllers | 389 | TCP/UDP | LDAP AD object collection (fallback) |
| Domain controllers | 445 | TCP | SMB Privileged collection: sessions, local groups, DC/CA registry |
| Domain controllers | 135 | TCP | RPC Privileged collection: NTLM relay-based collection |
| All in-scope Windows systems | 445 | TCP | SMB Privileged collection: sessions, local groups (~60-100kB per system) |
| Reverse proxy | 443 | TCP | HTTPS Upload results to BHE |

> ### AzureHound Enterprise

Reviewer: This section too.
